justice
stanislas nordey
we are on the path of the halls
you mentioned two new docks
yes quite new docking stations for ipod and iphone
that we have here
the main one for particularity that you can
today she accepts her development
on the one hand iphone compatibility
we talk about jbl today
we think iphone
iphone of an ipod but we will see later
second axis and you have it here
because today
axis more and more
buying intentions their acts
disarray with integration
in their home
so here we see a new aesthetic
precisely will not hurt users
reverse
and so we have declinations
two stations with
dionne this time
which can run on pn it's very easy to take on a trip in a
hotel room on the beach vote
with the possibility of buying alcohol
or alcohol
and his colleague lone this map
where we will see
more power
the speakers also
always compatible
everything is of course controlled by remote control
control your iphone remotely
with always declensions
we must stay
the co-presidents of this time who is also the only black
yes quite we saw on the ground here we have
we have the phase go ahead
on volumes that are for a lot in this area
these are products that will market it at the end of the story
this small model will be marketed to its leader
the moderate wind at 169
pressed by five